refactor(lidar_centerpoint): rework parameters (#7421)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: perception/lidar_centerpoint/README.md

## Parameters

### Core Parameters for base methods

{{ json_to_markdown("perception/lidar_centerpoint/schema/centerpoint_base.schema.json") }}

### Core Parameters for ML methods

{{ json_to_markdown("perception/lidar_centerpoint/schema/centerpoint_ml_package.schema.json") }}

### Remapper

{{ json_to_markdown("perception/lidar_centerpoint/schema/detection_class_remapper.schema.json") }}

### The `build_only` option

> The `lidar_centerpoint` node has `build_only` option to build the TensorRT engine file from the ONNX file, and the `build_only` option is inside the launch file of `lidar_centerpoint` node, and all the ROS parameters are moved in `.param.yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `lidar_centerpoint` node has a `build_only` option to build the required TensorRT engine file from an ONNX file. This parameter is set in the launch file of this package, whereas all other parameters are set via `.param.yaml` files.
```

python projects/AutowareCenterPoint/centerpoint_onnx_converter.py --cfg projects/AutowareCenterPoint/configs/centerpoint_custom.py --ckpt work_dirs/centerpoint_custom/YOUR_BEST_MODEL.pth --work-dir ./work_dirs/onnx_models
```

#### Adjust the config file for the custom model

> All the ROS parameters have been moved into `.param.yaml` files, feel free to change the parameters inside them for better performance! **centerpoint\_(your_selection_of_model).param.yaml** files are under the config file directory of the lidar_centerpoint node. The information for these parameters are shown in the **Parameters** section.

Reviewer: **Parameters** section
should be instead a link in markdown style

Reviewer: The change in this section is not adequate in my opinion. In the previous version we explained the process of creating a new model/version of centerpoint (i.e., how to create new parameters, modify launchers ,etc). This idea should be kept in this PR.

Expressions including exclamations are not adequate in this kind of documents

> All the ROS parameters have been moved into `.param.yaml` files, please set the parameters of the config file like point*cloud_range, point_feature_size, voxel_size, etc. in the config files. \*\*centerpoint*(your_selection_of_model).param.yaml\*\* files are under the config file directory of the lidar_centerpoint node. The information for these parameters are shown in the [Parameters](#parameters) section.

Reviewer: Sorry, this lacks a little in both writing and content.
The idea of the section is to describe the process of creating the files for a new model. In addition to some grammatical errors, instead of giving examples of parameters of the config file explain what kind of parameters they have. This links to the the ml config file, which is not mentioned here

Author: > Sorry, this lacks a little in both writing and content. The idea of the section is to describe the process of creating the files for a new model. In addition to some grammatical errors, instead of giving examples of parameters of the config file explain what kind of parameters they have. This links to the the ml config file, which is not mentioned here

@knzo25 Thank you for your instructions, I have updated the README.md file, please check if this meets your expectation. If you can give proposal for me to accept, it would be of great help for me. I will click the button commit suggestion afterwards. I really learned a lot with your help for this PR, thank you so much.
